""""""" hannes.kettner17@imperial.ac.uk """"""""


Responses from my end:

   - What are the studies that are currently running / will be up and running in the foreseeable future?

1) Ceremony running at the moment, but doesn't require reminder system as it will be replaced by C2.0 soon
2) Coping during Covid (COCO) survey going to launch soon

   - How do you collect the user IDs (not relevant if study has single timepoint)? Are you using hidden actions or URL variables or some other way (e.g. ceremony study v1 asks users for their ID)?

Saved as a URL variable in surveygizmo in both cases. For C2.0, Id's are generated by and forwarded from psychedelic survey, whereas
in COCO, id's will be generated within surveygizmo (but still saved/forwarded as url variables).

   - Do you have repeated timepoints? I mean that if for example you have the same set of measures administered at multiple timepoints (e.g. end of week 1, end of week 2), do you set up two separate surveys on SG and send the link to the appropriate survey each time OR you set up a single survey on SG and send the same link to participants on both occasions (and then deduce which completion belongs to which timepoint by matching completion times)?

C2.0: 8 time points, from 2 weeks before to 6 months after ceremony. Different measures at each time point.
All are set up within the same large surveygizmo survey, and then linked to via page-id's in URL variables
(similar to here https://help.alchemer.com/help/pre-post-test-survey)
This is necessary since piping of previous responses into later questions is requred for some measures.
COCO: Each time point is in a separate Sureygizimo survey with its own link

Reminders definitely more important for C2.0 than for COCO in the long run, but less urgent given that repeats are still closed


""""""" laura.kartner17@imperial.ac.uk """"""""


You may be most familiar with the self-blinding surveys.
I haven’t built that yet but we will most likely use separate links for each time-point and merge the datasets afterwards.
So this will most likely run on SG, unless there is a specific reason why we may need to change this.

User ID is usually the SGUID that should be collected automatically via SG.
I can’t remember how I specified that last time, but I never asked participants for it (unless I’m mixing this up right now).
We will have repeated time-points and send out separate links for each.


""""""" Meg and Hannah """"""""


We will be using Psychedelic Survey in Panorexia. To answer your questions:
- What are the studies that are currently running / will be up and running in the foreseeable future? Panorexia to start in January (hopefully)

- How do you collect the user IDs (not relevant if study has single timepoint)?
We will be using hidden value actions ([url("email")]), I expect we will also probably ask for their user ID also, just for ease Meg?
I suppose if we ask for their user ID we will not need to use hidden value actions
(this just makes sure they have the same ID each time on SG so we can match their responses week to week).

Hannah, how did you set this up? ​- We have 24 separate SG surveys for different timepoints, using psychedelicsurvey they will receive links
for relevant surveys at designated timepoints.


""""""" Malin """"""""

I'm running the 5-MeO-DMT (7 time points) and Holotropic breathwork survey (5 timepoints).
All timepoints are created within one survey so to be able to do piping at follow-up with questions from baseline.
Both are yet to launch.
I'm in the process of figuring out with Kenneth how to set up the last things. Piping, etc.. But I take it we are using ID's to track people over time.


""""""" Lisa """"""""

Thanks for working on this!

There will be a DMT study up and running in the near future.
 I'll give you the details I have so far.
  I think we will be collecting user IDs by asking for their user ID,
  but I'm not quite sure yet as Kenneth only explained to me how Psychedelic Survey works on Sunday.
We will have repeated timepoints. I haven't set up the surveys yet, so haven't decided which of the two ways you describe is better. I'm sorry this is not more helpful. Please let me know if I can somehow give you more information. Thanks!

Best,
Lisa
